README.md, before:

# Advancement-Count

![release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/2mal3/Advancement-Count?style=flat-square) ![version](https://img.shields.io/badge/Minecraft-1.20-orange?style=flat-square) ![downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/2mal3/Advancement-Count/total?style=flat-square)

Advancement Count is a simple datapack that awards players a certain number of points for each advancement they complete.
The total number of all points for each player can then be viewed in the player list and compared between players, providing an alternative competition to the normal game play.

### 📖 Features

- ⚖️ balanced, point rewards depend on the difficulty of the advancement
- 🚀 fast and optimized, creates no lag
- 🪶 lightweight
- ♻️ fast and complete updates to new versions of Minecraft, thanks to an automated build system

The maximum number of points you can score is 204.

### ⭐ Rewards

- Task (square boxes) → 1 point
- Goal (rounded boxes) → 2 points
- Challenge (decorated boxes) → 5 points

## 📝 Notes

- **ONLY** the latest version of the datapack for Fabric and Vanilla 1.20 is supported
- advancements from other datapacks or mods are not supported
- bug reports and suggestions are **ONLY** accepted on [GitHub](https://github.com/2mal3/No-Lag/issues)
- to uninstall, run the command `/function adco:core/uninstall`and then optionally delete the datapack file
- datapack was created with the help of [beet](https://github.com/mcbeet/beet)

_v1.8.0_

Commit message:

add reset command notice in the readme

README.md, after:

# Advancement-Count

![release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/2mal3/Advancement-Count?style=flat-square) ![version](https://img.shields.io/badge/Minecraft-1.20-orange?style=flat-square) ![downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/2mal3/Advancement-Count/total?style=flat-square)

Advancement Count is a simple datapack that awards players a certain number of points for each advancement they complete.
The total number of all points for each player can then be viewed in the player list and compared between players, providing an alternative competition to the normal game play.

### 📖 Features

- ⚖️ balanced, point rewards depend on the difficulty of the advancement
- 🚀 fast and optimized, creates no lag
- 🪶 lightweight
- ♻️ fast and complete updates to new versions of Minecraft, thanks to an automated build system

The maximum number of points you can score is 204.

### ⭐ Rewards

- Task (square boxes) → 1 point
- Goal (rounded boxes) → 2 points
- Challenge (decorated boxes) → 5 points

## 📝 Notes

- **ONLY** the latest version of the datapack for Fabric and Vanilla 1.20 is supported
- advancements from other datapacks or mods are not supported
- bug reports and suggestions are **ONLY** accepted on [GitHub](https://github.com/2mal3/No-Lag/issues)
- to uninstall, run the command `/function adco:core/uninstall`and then optionally delete the datapack file
- to reset the scores for all current players, run the command `/function adco:reset`
- datapack was created with the help of [beet](https://github.com/mcbeet/beet)

_v1.8.0_
